These are you kissing this thing, Feng Jian Mingxin?
Or is it not your child? Don’t listen to nonsense?
You still call me arguing?
There is no intention to say more, who else?
No permission to write?
So what words?
Let’s tolerate it! Let’s tolerate it!
What else is wrong to say?
Your Majesty, what crime did I just ask me to commit?
You abandon your arrogance and blatantly question your righteousness,
Even if I kill you, you are not worthy of my beloved!
It's not enough to have a good habit of dying, and it's a crime to want to have a family flag, let alone nothing like this?
Written by Wang Shiren, the evidence is early
You still said I was wronged
Just use one machine to write Ren Qianying
Just make sure this child is mine
Simply ignorant
The first person to write Ren Qian
That is the method of inheriting thousands of names
How dare you say it was a mistake?
Then I'll use what you call
How to machine write Ren Qian
Give you a TV
Let’s cut off the literary stream and come up again
Hurry up and place the currency
Hurry up and move yours away from writing?